hello and welcome to today's episode of
cookin College on today's episode we're
going to be cooking a snake I hope
you're excited because it's gonna be
interesting
today's recipe is gonna be fairly simple
I only need a few ingredients first and
most obviously you'll need a snake
skinned and get it and clean you'll need
a clove of garlic some tomato ketchup
some balsamic vinegar some rice some ham
and some corn I'm using canned you can
use fresh corn you can use frozen corn
where you can just forget corn all
together let's get started okay so the
plan is we're gonna be making this
recipe in the crock-pot so the first
step is to put in about 8 cups of water
into the crock-pot then we're gonna come
over to our snake here and cut it into 3
approximately evenly sized pieces okay
now we're gonna take our three snake
pieces and I'm in the crock pot next
we're gonna add some ham as you can see
mine still a little frozen but we're
gonna chop it up into little pieces and
add it to the crock pot and it's gonna
give a nice salty smoky flavor to the
snake into the rest of the dish as a
whole okay a hams all chopped up let's
add it to the crock pot next we're gonna
finely chop our clove of garlic now I'll
add that to the crock pot next go ahead
just eyeballed amount of balsamic
vinegar
Hey same thing with ketchup
all right on to the next step
next we'll add half a can of corn
looks about right and then we'll add
some seasonings here we've got a garlic
and pepper seasoning add a nice amount
of that add a little kick to it with the
chili powder seasoning
little chicken taste powder chicken
flavored moving on
and finish it off with a little extra
ground black pepper all right now all we
have left to do is add the rice and stir
it all together
same as always we're eyeballing it
that's probably good now we're just
gonna stir it and turn the crock-pot
to low it is
11:28 now we'll probably check in around
dinnertime hi welcome back to the
cooking in college kitchen where we're
cooking up some delicious snakes too now
it's been quite a while 623 we started
it are you 11 something and let's take a
look and see what it looks like so I'll
give that a little stir and dish it up
and Rachael will be our taste tester for
this evening here we go all right
it's so chewy good tastes good like a
tasty shoelace